Ben Pfaff: I don't look like a complete mention.
Ben Pfaff: Hi, Joe.
Thorin (Joe): Hello, how's it going?
Ben Pfaff: I'm doing okay. There's…
Ben Pfaff: I don't know, a lot of code to write and bugs to fix, but, I mean, what's new about that?
Thorin (Joe): I mean, that's the job, right?
Ben Pfaff: That is, as they say, the job.
Thorin (Joe): If there were no bugs, you wouldn't have a job, right?
Ben Pfaff: Well, I mean, I'm… I'm…
Ben Pfaff: Programming is what I like to do. It's what I've liked to do since I was about 7 years old.
Ben Pfaff: They don't really pay me to program, they pay me to program That particular program, you know?
Thorin (Joe): Yeah. You just can't just make some stuff up and call it good.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, like, if I wasn't doing this, I'd be just doing something else, so…
Thorin (Joe): Well, I'll tell other folks when the time comes, but I'm getting a job. I will be…
Ben Pfaff: Oh, no!
Thorin (Joe): gainfully employed.
Kostadis Roussos: Hello, hello!
Thorin (Joe): Hello!
Ben Pfaff: I'm shocked.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not.
Thorin (Joe): No. Well… I'm just… I'm just telling Ben Castatis that, I'm getting a job.
Ben Pfaff: That was the shocking statement, Gustados.
Thorin (Joe): Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: That is unacceptable.
Kostadis Roussos: We have demands on your time that will not be compromised by any corporate drone work that you might think you are… that is necessary for you to do.
Thorin (Joe): I'm gonna work for Craig, so, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I want to be clear. These hours are holy and sacred.
Thorin (Joe): I don't think it's gonna take, you know, I told him, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just saying…
Kostadis Roussos: expectations are, if I have to call up Craig to verify the terms of the employment contract…
Ben Pfaff: Ugh…
Thorin (Joe): No, I think…
Kostadis Roussos: See, I focused on what's important here.
Thorin (Joe): I think, I think my wife and kid were getting really tired of me being around the house, and being in their business.
Thorin (Joe): There was a certain amount of, like.
Kostadis Roussos: It lasted this long.
Thorin (Joe): You need something to occupy your time.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm surprised it lasted this long, to be quite honest.
Thorin (Joe): Some of it is that, like.
Thorin (Joe): with us moving into the new house, it's kind of like that was, like, a big thing, and now it's like, okay, what now? And so there's a bit of that going on.
Ben Pfaff: They need you around to handle part of that, and now they'd rather see the bag of you part of the day.
Thorin (Joe): Exactly.
Thorin (Joe): So, Mike, I'm, I'm getting a job.
Mike Hall: No. I know. What happened to retirement?
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, dude, the recording of this is going to be epic. It's, like, three old men talking about getting a job.
Thorin (Joe): No, I think… so part of it is that I think the family's tired of me kicking around the house and bugging them.
Thorin (Joe): And then part of it also is that, like, the job has changed so much that…
Thorin (Joe): like, if I don't… like, I will not be relevant or have the skills unless I get serious and actually do something real with it, right? .
Kostadis Roussos: We have to tell… we have to tell Gabe the big news.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, you wanted that… want that whole Kubernetes thing to pass you by.
Thorin (Joe): Hey, Gabe, I'm getting a job, is the big news.
Gabe: Again?
Gabe: Wait…
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, no, we all have that reaction.
Thorin (Joe): My family's tired of me kicking around. Some of it is that, like, if I want to call myself an engineer, I need to keep my skills current, and it's like, there's no way.
Mike Hall: If you're gonna tie that.
Thorin (Joe): Honestly, without a job.
Mike Hall: Yeah. You can be a retired engineer, though, and you.
Gabe: You can.
Mike Hall: And you can become an engineer that does, like, 3D printing.
Thorin (Joe): I mean, and then the last item is that I have this vision of myself as being somebody who can be good at being… setting my own goals and keeping to them, but the last four years have shown that that's bullshit. I suck at that, right? And so, there's a reality of, like, how I view myself and how I, like.
Thorin (Joe): you know, am, demonstrated by real activity, and I mean, you know…
Thorin (Joe): I don't get a lot done when I'm left to my own devices, and I'm not sure that's good for anybody.
Ben Pfaff: You know, I did once have a CEO who, in all hands, said, started saying something about how he'd started as an engineer, and I immediately yelled out, what, on a train?
Gabe: God.
Thorin (Joe): Pretty much. Okay, you laugh, but my father-in-law was an engineer on a train, and he's upstairs right now.
Thorin (Joe): They had a good saying, back up until you hear glass break.
Mike Hall: Well, making a decision about change like that is always, an interesting, momentous occasion, so congratulations, Joe.
Thorin (Joe): We'll see if I regret it.
Mike Hall: Hopefully it all.
Kostadis Roussos: I want to be…
Mike Hall: clear.
Kostadis Roussos: I already set the bar that we're reviewing with Craig McClucky, the hours that he's free to play Dungeons & Dragons, and that's gonna be.
Thorin (Joe): And I said, you know, I told him, like, you know, not during league play, right? I mean, you know…
Thorin (Joe): That's a big lie.
Mike Hall: referenced.
Kostadis Roussos: I want to be clear, we already covered that.
Mike Hall: You don't roll on Sabbath? Sabbath?
Thorin (Joe): Don't roll on Shabitz.
Mike Hall: Yeah, shops. When, when, so you're going to work with Craig?
Thorin (Joe): Yeah.
Mike Hall: Nice.
Thorin (Joe): And so I told my oldest that I was getting a job, and it's like, oh, what's the company do? I'm like, well, it's related to AI stuff, and, like, he got, like, super pissed at me. He's like, why would you do that? You could do so many other things, you're gonna ruin the environment, where's our drinking water? I'm like, I think the water thing's a little overblown, right? I mean, you know…
Thorin (Joe): There's a lot to criticize, but the water thing seems to be what everybody is on about, and I'm like, you know, compared to, like, almonds, right?
Mike Hall: Right, right. Or pistachios. Yeah, I think the, it's more like making everybody's power bill be, like, $1,200 in the Northeast. Yeah.
Thorin (Joe): Yeah, well, there's that, but honestly, like, we gotta blame fucking Trump for, like, killing all green energy, because why not, right? And then, like, starting a war that made…
Thorin (Joe): oil that much more expensive. I mean, it's this double whammy of, like, well, you know, you want the Fed to lower rates, that's one way to get them to do it.
Ben Pfaff: I mean, I…
Mike Hall: Dinosaur juice is, like, 3 times more expensive, and we're not allowed to buy wind or sun.
Thorin (Joe): Exactly, right?
Ben Pfaff: I mean, I wouldn't mind that much if AI used up a lot of pistachios. I would switch to some other…
Thorin (Joe): Turns out that AI runs on pistachios.
Mike Hall: We just gotta figure out how to make that happen.
Thorin (Joe): That's true.
Mike Hall: That's funny. I like that.
Kostadis Roussos: That's too funny.
Thorin (Joe): So yeah, so I'm gonna…
Thorin (Joe): You know, and I was talking to Craig about it, I'm like, pretty much every senior engineer that I talk to that starts using this stuff for real is like, it just makes me move so much faster, and I'm having a blast, and like…
Thorin (Joe): I feel like, you know, You know.
Kostadis Roussos: Blast 2.
Thorin (Joe): What's that?
Kostadis Roussos: I want to have a blast, too.
Thorin (Joe): I mean, there's a little bit of, like, okay, like, I need to do this, but then it's just, you know, I put up all these roadblocks for me doing hobbies and stuff, and, like, you know, so I think a job is the right, right move for me.
Kostadis Roussos: No, dude, I mean, I think a job is always a good thing.
Thorin (Joe): Yeah, we'll see, we'll see if it sticks.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I mean, I think it's always a good thing. I mean, you know, it was a pity we didn't put a bowl… a bedding pool, it would have been kind of fun.
Mike Hall: Oh, you guys aren't in on that pool? No, I'm just joking.
Kostadis Roussos: I spent some time…
Thorin (Joe): Vancouver this last weekend at a conference that was about at coronavirus.
Kostadis Roussos: clear, was this today or yesterday?
Kostadis Roussos: What? They're not dick!
Thorin (Joe): The job or the conference?
Kostadis Roussos: Good job.
Thorin (Joe): No, the job happened, like, last week, and then I'm starting on Thursday, so…
Mike Hall: Okay.
Thorin (Joe): Yeah.
Thorin (Joe): But, the Ad Proto stuff is actually really cool. I want to explain it to you really quick, if I can bend your ear and info dump on you.
Mike Hall: You guys okay with that? Yeah, I'm good for it.
Thorin (Joe): Okay, so imagine a world where everybody has sort of a personal repository of data, call it a PDS, okay? And this is stuff that they can publish to the world, and it's all, strongly typed schemas, extensible, and,
Thorin (Joe): And it's cryptographically signed to an identity so that it's your thing, and so you can hire companies to host this stuff for you, or you can self-host it. But essentially, you have this thing that is your data. And applications then use OAuth to actually ask, hey, can we write to your… can we manage a certain set of things in your data repository for you?
Thorin (Joe): And,
Thorin (Joe): and then they get permission to actually update and change and do things to stuff that's happening in your data repository, your PDS.
Thorin (Joe): And then there's systems that actually go through and, like, when you publish a new thing to your PDS, you can notify systems so that they can actually update their views and actually read it. And then there's other systems out there that index all the PDSs out there and find links and backlinks, because everything has a strong identity, because it's all content indexed and all that.
Thorin (Joe): That's essentially what AdProto is, and so, like, social media, like, you know, Twitter-like experiences are one thing where every post is one thing, every like is another thing, but you own your data, and nobody else… and you can take it with you and do other things, but you can do all sorts of other applications where they're actually writing to your data store on your behalf.
Thorin (Joe): But ultimately, you're in control. That's kind of cool, isn't it?
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Mike Hall: It's better than… it's better than what we have now, which is we're the product.
Ben Pfaff: I think time will tell whether that more centralized system of App Proto versus the less centralized system of ActivityPub will win out in the end, but App Proto definitely has the money behind it.
Thorin (Joe): Well, I mean, there's not that much money in any of this stuff, let's be clear.
Ben Pfaff: Well, there's a lot of investment in it, anyway.
Thorin (Joe): The problem with ActivityPub and Mastodon in general is that, number one is that, like, it's…
Thorin (Joe): it's fundamentally, like, about Mastodon, and there is not this larger thing of things that get published onto ActivityPub, right? It's not a more generic thing. And then the other thing is that it's centered on servers, not on people. So, like, if your server admin, if your server shuts down, you're just kind of screwed.
Thorin (Joe): And there's no way to migrate your stuff, really, from one server to another.
Thorin (Joe): You can migrate some of it, but not all of it, and so it ends up being kind of wacky.
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Thorin (Joe): So, this is a link to a debug thing, debug view of my PDS.
Thorin (Joe): And so it's at pdsls.dev.
Thorin (Joe): And you can see, here's all the different types.
Thorin (Joe): And you can start clicking through and actually see, like, all my posts or whatever.
Thorin (Joe): And when they happen, and all the sort of schematized data there.
Thorin (Joe): And then you can look at backlinks, where you can see, like, okay, here's all the people, say, pointing at my profile, or pointing at a particular post, or whatever. It's actually pretty sweet. It's pretty cool.
Ben Pfaff: Well, I guess… I guess we'll see in the long run. I guess I've been on so many different…
Ben Pfaff: social and social-ish systems over the years, that I'm… I'm just sort of dedicated… I'm just sort of, I'm resigned to the idea that every 5-10 years, you have to just give up and move on to the new one, because the old one is dead.
Thorin (Joe): I mean, yeah?
Thorin (Joe): And also, like, ignoring all of that, it's kind of a cool protocol.
Ben Pfaff: Alright, I've never looked at any of the technical stuff behind it.
Thorin (Joe): Yeah, yeah.
Mike Hall: That's cool.
Thorin (Joe): So I just… I had fun, and it's actually a really cool group of people working on this stuff, too. It was a lot of fun.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah. That… the importance of that can't be minimized. If you're working with the right people, it feels right.
Thorin (Joe): Yeah, yeah.
Thorin (Joe): Alright, so I'm done info dumping.
Gabe: Sounds cool, I don't know, I find it kind of terrifying that I now have an index of everything you've done on the internet in the last month, but…
Thorin (Joe): Well, I mean, it's all the public stuff, and it's like, you know all this stuff is public. They're working on, sort of, like, encrypted, sort of, smaller communities and spaces and stuff like that, and there's a bunch of proposals around, sort of, semi-private data.
Gabe: I'm very curious how that would work in practice, and the auth model for that, and…
Thorin (Joe): Yeah, I haven't dug into it, I think, but, you know.
Thorin (Joe): Top men are working on it. Top men.
Mike Hall: Of course.
Gabe: World War I, yes.
Ben Pfaff: Well, it honestly makes me think better of it if you're one of the people behind it now.
Gabe: No.
Thorin (Joe): Well, I'm just playing around with it, but yeah.
Thorin (Joe): It's cool.
Mike Hall: That's cool.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I need to just…
Ben Pfaff: Let's go kill some mushrooms?
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Mike Hall: Death to mushrooms.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it's the same thing as everything.
Kostadis Roussos: There's these days initiative?
Ben Pfaff: Death to some mushrooms, anyway.
Thorin (Joe): Alright, so, related to this, somebody was actually giving a talk, talking about cybernetics, and they mentioned that cybernetics comes from the Greek word Kubernetes, and I cringed, costatis, I cringed, because Kubernetes, that pronunciation is not the way that you pronounce.
Kostadis Roussos: No, dude, no, it's a standard parlor joke of mine. Whenever I want to… whenever I ask people, like, what language in Greek they think it is, and they go.
Kostadis Roussos: They, they, they, it's kind of… I have a video of them picking every language but, but, whatchamacallit? Greek.
Thorin (Joe): Yeah, I, you know…
Mike Hall: So how do you pronounce that in Greek?
Kostadis Roussos: Ki Vernitis.
Kostadis Roussos: In case you're wondering.
Thorin (Joe): So, wait, say it again, I want to hear it again.
Kostadis Roussos: Ibernetes.
Thorin (Joe): Kubernetes?
Kostadis Roussos: No, Ki. Ver. Ni tis.
Thorin (Joe): Cuba need.
Kostadis Roussos: sound does not exist. The B sound is a metastasized sound from… and native… So what is the… what is the sound.
Thorin (Joe): First syllable, it's…
Kostadis Roussos: G.
Thorin (Joe): Well, no, it starts with a K, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Cut an E.
Thorin (Joe): K.
Thorin (Joe): Key…
Ben Pfaff: Sweet.
Kostadis Roussos: As in key, key. Key. As in key.
Thorin (Joe): Fever, Nettie. Kick.
Kostadis Roussos: Damn.
Thorin (Joe): beast.
Kostadis Roussos: Ki ver ni ties. I will spend… I will happily spend time on this joke.
Ben Pfaff: We need one of those recordings.
Thorin (Joe): I can do something where it's like a video of Costatus teaching people the correct way to pronounce Kubernetes. I think it would do numbers, dude.
Thorin (Joe): At least 10 people would like it.
Ben Pfaff: We need one of those.
Mike Hall: recordings, like.
Ben Pfaff: classic one of Linus saying, my name is Linus Torvalds, and I pronounce Linux like Linux.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Zaltir, Europe.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know whether you read the abbreviated of abbreviated summary.
Gabe: And…
Kostadis Roussos: Two paragraphs. But basically, the first round happened, you found yourself trapped… you found yourself on the… floating over the mushroom.
Gabe: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: And this is, Suleiman's Thingamabob.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, and the… that does more damage on the…
Ben Pfaff: heart fungus' next round. Or did I… did we kill it?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, he did not.
Thorin (Joe): What did I do? Did I hit?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you did.
Thorin (Joe): Okay, so…
Thorin (Joe): Okay, that means that they're sad.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, Zaltair, you're up while we're waiting for folks.
Gabe: Right… okay. So, last time, I…
Gabe: Tried to grab her, and then she used a layer action to teleport away, right?
Kostadis Roussos: layer, or I can't remember whether it was a layer or a,
Kostadis Roussos: Does it really matter? It was… no, it was not a lair, actually, it was a legendary action.
Gabe: Oh, Legendary action, okay, got it. So then the question becomes, you know, second try is the charm, or give up on that whole plan?
Gabe: I don't know. I mean, I can only melee anyway, so I guess I'll just…
Gabe: Try that same thing again.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, yes, I mean, yes, I mean, you could.
Gabe: Were you going somewhere with that sentence?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, I mean, there's… I mean, there's just other targets you might want to fight, like the fungus that's right underneath you.
Gabe: Well, that thing's pretty well taken care of, right? Like, it'll die given time.
Kostadis Roussos: So the short version is that the legendary action, she can do it once, so she could… if you try to grab… if you hit her, she'll probably move away, at which point you can move again to try to hit her.
Gabe: Sorry, she can only do it once?
Kostadis Roussos: per… per legend… legendary actions work runs per turn, so…
Gabe: Oh, per turn. Implying she doesn't have anything else she could do with her legendary action?
Kostadis Roussos: She has other things she could do, but, like, sitting there getting pounded by you is probably not on the list of things she'll just…
Gabe: Right, right, okay, good. So, like, in making her teleport, I am preventing her from doing something more dangerous, potentially.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, you're burning… just saying that, but you'd only get one attack is the problem, because she would… unless you could catch up with her. I just want to make sure you know how it mechanically works.
Gabe: I'm pretty fast. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I know, I'm just, like, I don't know, like, but with all of your speeds and lefts and rights, I'm like, I'm just saying, let's say Thorin might have a problem, but a monk, you know…
Gabe: Okay. Well, let's see what happens.
Kostadis Roussos: You know what a monk does. You run, run, run, and then slaps.
Gabe: Pretty much! Alright, I'm just gonna try annoying her then, so… let's go… wait, I can be here, I think?
Gabe: Yeah, I can be there. Alright, and I will punch her… or slap in your terminology.
Kostadis Roussos: They're gonna run over there?
Gabe: I am flying over there, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gabe: Dang… Yeah, I will attack.
Mike Hall: Whoa.
Gabe: Okay, so… I assume that's a hit with Fernando.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, take it back, so just so you know, legendary actions occur at the end of your turn, so you can go ahead and do whatever you want, and then she can take a legendary action.
Gabe: Okay, so I hit her, oh, I have to add my Eldritch Ma…
Gabe: Okay, 16 damage, and she's grappled.
Gabe: Wait, wait, why am I that close to her?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know, I just moved you there.
Gabe: Well, I shouldn't be that close.
Kostadis Roussos: There?
Gabe: It's 10 feet.
Gabe: I think it was there.
Gabe: Yeah, this is correct.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gabe: Yeah, because I'm using my, my Eldritch Tentacles to hit her.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's… that's 15 feet, that's why.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gabe: So, she's 16 damage and grappled, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: Okay, now I fly back into… whatever this thing is.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, are you holding onto her?
Gabe: I am.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, then she gets moved, I guess, 15 feet.
Gabe: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
Gabe: Okay, so I had to go a little further… like…
Kostadis Roussos: gold there.
Gabe: Yeah. Okay, great.
Kostadis Roussos: Doing anything else?
Gabe: Yes, is… given that I'm grappling her, is releasing her a free action, or does that… how does that work?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, it's a bonus action. Yeah, let me just check.
Gabe: Crap.
Kostadis Roussos: Here's that.
Gabe: I guess it doesn't matter, I can just fly down.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it takes no action.
Gabe: Okay. I assume VIN's thing is a sphere?
Kostadis Roussos: Ben, I don't know, you're gonna have to tell us.
Ben Pfaff: That's a good… Question? It… it is… oh, yes, it is a 30-foot radius sphere.
Gabe: Sphere, okay.
Mike Hall: Moose.
Gabe: I don't remember how tall these things are, Christas. Do I have to fly down, or am I good where I am? Am I in range?
Ben Pfaff: But I…
Kostadis Roussos: You'd have to drop her.
Ben Pfaff: The… .
Kostadis Roussos: But we said there was 10 feet of space between the top of the bubble and… so it's 40 feet high.
Ben Pfaff: It only applies to a particular kind of creature.
Gabe: I was assuming that you did, like, whatever, myconid creatures, or…
Kostadis Roussos: There's not a mic on it, though.
Gabe: Well, she's infected with micromiz, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, which is not a myconid.
Ben Pfaff: This is the Big Heart Fungus, is that right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, the big heart funguses.
Gabe: So if we damage her micronid spores, would that not hurt? Or her micronid…
Kostadis Roussos: Let me check what she is. Alright, hold on.
Ben Pfaff: This is, they said.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, you know, the level of rule… alright, let me just see what she is.
Gabe: I'm assuming she's, like, a microd cyborg sort of thing, where if we hurt part of her, she'd still take down.
Kostadis Roussos: Medium human. No, she's still a medium humanoid.
Gabe: And we can't hurt her micronid hybrid parts?
Kostadis Roussos: No, that's kind of not how the rules…
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, it says a creature type, not…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so it's… she's still medium humanoid.
Ben Pfaff: What a shame.
Ben Pfaff: I mean, you can still drop her 40 feet, that could do something.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it still drops her… yes, that would cause her 3d6 worth of damage.
Gabe: Yeah, alright. I mean, it's not as good as I wanted, but… well, in the meantime, before we get there, now that I'm holding her, I will punch her again, because why not?
Gabe: Oh!
Gabe: Crit.
Gabe: Tell me fish.
Thorin (Joe): about Nazis, punch them, I mean, why not, right?
Gabe: That's true.
Kostadis Roussos: 16 points of damage?
Gabe: 16 plus…
Ben Pfaff: Nazis? I hate those guys.
Gabe: Right? And then I think…
Gabe: Hold on, I have to refresh my memory as to where your blood is…
Gabe: Oh, that would be a bonus.
Gabe: Oh, that's fine, you said drop as if reaction. Okay, so I can use, then, Flurry of Blows for 2 more hits.
Mike Hall: Whoa.
Gabe: 1… 16 more damage.
Gabe: One more time…
Gabe: Oh, wow, another crit for 10…
Mike Hall: Whoa.
Gabe: The 6 for 18 more damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Gabe: And then I dropped.
Thorin (Joe): Oh, 18, because that would be 10 plus 6.
Gabe: Yes, 16.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh my gosh, Gabe, you made a mistake.
Gabe: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Have you been using too much AI, letting your…
Gabe: Doing addition, yes, I commonly use AI.
Ben Pfaff: How many pistachios did you waste on that?
Gabe: Woof.
Kostadis Roussos: She takes another 17 from the following.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, she is now… I'm going to put her at zero feet. Alright, let's see if… I don't know how to mark… sorry, she's at zero feet. She's 40 feet on the ground. Alright, first things first.
Thorin (Joe): I'm a realist.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on. First, 30s first.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Her legendary reaction. Well, since she was dropped.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, roll a DC4… first roll a DC-14 Wisdom saving throw.
Mike Hall: Who?
Kostadis Roussos: The, god, my brain is cordomping. Gabe.
Gabe: Yes, it's all tier. Me? Okay. Wisdom, you say?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: Wow.
Gabe: Well, that didn't work.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you are frightened.
Gabe: Oh, no.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Which is very convenient, because you cannot now approach her.
Gabe: Indeed.
Kostadis Roussos: So she's protected herself against… Against the… Alright, you are now frightened.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, next. Okay, so that's her, what she does for her… that's her reaction. Now, for her legendary action…
Mike Hall: -Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Her legendary action, she is not going to stick around here to be, pulverized.
Kostadis Roussos: Mmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Just thinking… Fireballs.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Echo, you…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Instead, what she does is she tells her two drones… she tells drone number one to attack.
Kostadis Roussos: So, it attacks, Daz.
Mike Hall: Whoa.
Kostadis Roussos: And Mrs.
Kostadis Roussos: Nice. And then she moves… hold on, and then she gets to move.
Kostadis Roussos: 30 feet, so she's going to move 30 feet to here.
Kostadis Roussos: She moves over here.
Kostadis Roussos: 1, 2… Be under the ground.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, she's got partial cover. Okay, then the mushroom attacks.
Thorin (Joe): The turn order disappeared on my screen.
Kostadis Roussos: That's because I hit a button, just give me one second.
Thorin (Joe): Okay.
Thorin (Joe): Wasn't me.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it was not you.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, it will attempt to strike you down.
Gabe: And by you, do you mean me?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, let me actually make sure I can, though, because.
Gabe: I'm by the ceiling.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, I just realized that. I just, I just, as I said that, I said, wait.
Gabe: He's pretty…
Kostadis Roussos: I, big.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, it's a 15-foot reach, so yes, he can reach you.
Gabe: Oh, is… it's that tall? Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I mean, it… it's… it… yes, it can reach the roof.
Gabe: I'm weird.
Kostadis Roussos: Oops.
Kostadis Roussos: And so it hits… it rolls, D8 plus D8… That's a critical.
Mike Hall: -Oh.
Gabe: What does that do?
Kostadis Roussos: alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I need to figure this out.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a saving throw? No, no roll… no saving throws.
Kostadis Roussos: So you take 48 plus 4 of bludgeoning damage, And 2d6 of poisoning Damage.
Gabe: Okay, so the 11 was poison, and the 15 was bludgeoning.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so I know you have all sorts of deflections and…
Gabe: I do.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: Thanks, buddy.
Gabe: Yeah, bludgeoning… So I can deflect that attack…
Mike Hall: What?
Gabe: I deflected 12 of that bludgeoning damage.
Ben Pfaff: Wow, you got a 1 and added an oven there.
Gabe: Somehow. Okay, as to the poison…
Gabe: I don't think I can do much about the poison.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, you're such a master of the minimaxing on characters.
Gabe: Oh, do we still have, the custom… what was it, stone skin you gave us, or is that gone?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it is gone, it is gone.
Gabe: That's gone? Okay.
Gabe: Yeah, the Stoneskin Boon, okay, it's gone.
Gabe: Okay, fine. 11 plus…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gabe: So, 15 damage total, then?
Kostadis Roussos: Independence.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, 15 damage total. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, let me, bring up the initiative tracker again. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Jorland.
Kostadis Roussos: Your lens, been smashed.
Kostadis Roussos: He disengages, actually, and says, it's run…
Ben Pfaff: Didn't he get blown up?
Kostadis Roussos: No, yes, he did, but he don't… remember how I said he was pissed off at Ivara? He's like, she's go… she's wounded! I could kill her now!
Ben Pfaff: Oh, okay.
Thorin (Joe): and I don't know…
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so…
Thorin (Joe): disengage.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thorin (Joe): Immediately after a creature within 5 feet of you takes a disengage action or hits a…
Thorin (Joe): target other than you within tech, you can make an opportunity attack. So I get an opportunity to attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, hold on, but he's disengaging to go attack Alvarad, so you get to choose. Do you want to attack him or let him go?
Thorin (Joe): Okay, why is he attacking…
Kostadis Roussos: Because, as you heard from Ashe, Alvara dumped him because he got scar… he, you know, he became Scarface.
Thorin (Joe): Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a lover's fat.
Thorin (Joe): But he attacked us first to begin with, so it's like…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but he didn't think you guys could defeat Elvara, but now that she's wounded, he wants to take care of her himself.
Gabe: The tides have turned.
Thorin (Joe): So, what happens if he kills her and we don't? Does that change anything? Does he get, like, first dibs on booty or something? And by booty, I mean, like…
Kostadis Roussos: I, I, I don't know.
Thorin (Joe): I mean, like, they used to be Lover's Booty, I mean, like…
Gabe: Correct.
Thorin (Joe): the goods.
Ben Pfaff: ignored.
Kostadis Roussos: You decide. He's running away. Like, this is a classic roll-the-dice moment.
Thorin (Joe): I mean… oh, I don't know where my dice went. Okay, let's roll the dice.
Gabe: But does he say something? Does he try to say, like, don't kill me, I'll help you? Like…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, he says, Dovara!
Thorin (Joe): Alright, so 8 says I do the sensible thing.
Thorin (Joe): Which I guess is let them go and let the enemies… let the girls fight.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he's going there. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Ilvarov.
Thorin (Joe): That makes me sad, though, because I like my attacks of opportunity here.
Kostadis Roussos: That's true.
Gabe: effect.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: Did I miss something?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, I was trying to decide what happens.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. She casts Insect Plague.
Mike Hall: Insects play, that doesn't sound good.
Ben Pfaff: I bet insects like to eat fungus.
Gabe: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: C spell, so she casts Insect Plague.
Kostadis Roussos: Is it a radius, or is it a sphere?
Kostadis Roussos: It's a sphere.
Kostadis Roussos: The 20-foot radius, or is it 20-foot sphere?
Gabe: 20 or 30.
Kostadis Roussos: radius.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So… She casts it over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, which is gonna have, ironically, other side effects that are kind of interesting. Alright, okay, so she casts her… her… her thingam… she's got you frightened, yeah, so that would be the right thing for her to do. Alright, that does 4d10 worth of damage.
Ben Pfaff: Oof.
Gabe: On a filled soup.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So yes, 4D10.
Ben Pfaff: Okay, what do we need to save?
Kostadis Roussos: She… it's her… it's a constitution, so let me just get this information up.
Thorin (Joe): And what type of damage is it?
Kostadis Roussos: Piercing. Piercing.
Thorin (Joe): Okay.
Gabe: Yeah, so you have to do constitution says.
Kostadis Roussos: does, and her spell saving throw is… is her spell DC? 16.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, good. I had a good save.
Mike Hall: 17.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you rolled a 4.
Kostadis Roussos: It was Authority.
Gabe: But no.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, I, I was looking at the…
Gabe: That, that's…
Ben Pfaff: Damn it.
Ben Pfaff: You said, oh gosh, 26, huh?
Kostadis Roussos: Definitely.
Ben Pfaff: bleh.
Thorin (Joe): So I take, what, half that? 13?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Daz, you have to make a saving throw.
Thorin (Joe): Now, do all the minions have to… do they.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yeah, and they have to do it as well, yes, yes, good point.
Gabe: Yeah, each creature, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the minions all die.
Thorin (Joe): Well… that works.
Gabe: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: They had 13… they had 13 hit points, you know.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, how about Globagool?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, great, Glavo Gold.
Gabe: No, no.
Kostadis Roussos: Google.
Ben Pfaff: Well, who's he with?
Mike Hall: Whoa.
Kostadis Roussos: He takes 26 points of damage as well.
Gabe: Is he alive?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he's still alive.
Ben Pfaff: Who was he with? Was he with.
Kostadis Roussos: He's right here, it's right next to… it's right next to the three of you.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, okay, I see him now.
Ben Pfaff: I didn't realize he's still at his own spot, given that he was now in a small jar.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he was, like, sitting out there, kind of chillaxing with his eyes, trying to look…
Ben Pfaff: Alright, well…
Kostadis Roussos: He was, he was, he was trying to participate in the conversation.
Ben Pfaff: If, if anybody is, .
Kostadis Roussos: Thor in Europe.
Ben Pfaff: If anybody is too saddened by the loss of any of our minions, I do have a Revivify spell that I could use to bring one of them back.
Kostadis Roussos: No, they're not your minions, they're her minions.
Thorin (Joe): Alright.
Ben Pfaff: So, we… sorry, we used to have so many people traveling with us, I forgot.
Gabe: This is the mushroom army.
Mike Hall: for millions.
Gabe: Yeah.
Thorin (Joe): Alright, so the purple one was that last attack, the insect.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you wanna be out of there, just so you know.
Thorin (Joe): Okay, so I want to get out of there, otherwise, next turn it'll hit me again.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Thorin (Joe): Okay. What are my options for getting to the big fungus right now?
Kostadis Roussos: You can jump down and attack it if you want.
Thorin (Joe): Okay.
Thorin (Joe): And what are these, like, pools here?
Kostadis Roussos: These are… these don't really affect you, because you're… you have blindside.
Thorin (Joe): No, no, no, but, like, it looks like these things.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, difficult terrain, just difficult terrain.
Thorin (Joe): Okay, so I can get down there and maybe…
Thorin (Joe): So, like, if I move… Oh, I can apparently move… the…
Kostadis Roussos: Let me send this to the back, change layers.
Thorin (Joe): Yeah, and when you have multiple things, how do you choose which one you want to actually…
Thorin (Joe): Oh, I see, you click multiple times, okay.
Thorin (Joe): So…
Thorin (Joe): Like, difficult terrain takes twice as long, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Thorin (Joe): Okay, so I can be, like, there, and that's easy enough for me, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Thorin (Joe): Alright, and then I can attack the big fungi?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, sir.
Thorin (Joe): Okay.
Thorin (Joe): Is there anything I need to… anything I know about the fungus in terms of, like.
Thorin (Joe): Is it, like, resistant to stuff or whatever?
Kostadis Roussos: Nuh-
Thorin (Joe): Okay.
Thorin (Joe): Alright, let's, let's do this.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, it's resistant to the usual stuff that funguses are resistant to, but if you hit it hard enough, it should die.
Ben Pfaff: It's not resistant to swords.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no. But, it actually is doubly not resistant to radiant damage.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, that's good to know.
Kostadis Roussos: And so you kill it. So it wilts.
Mike Hall: Yeah, nice.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, the giant fungus?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, the giant fungus is known.
Ben Pfaff: Oh.
Ben Pfaff: Boy, I had so much prepared for the fungus. Oh well.
Gabe: Yeah, wow.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Thorin (Joe): I do what I can.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: I think we can get rid of these guys. Alright.
Thorin (Joe): So, who's left? So, all the minions are done.
Kostadis Roussos: Alvaro's… hold on, we're not done.
Thorin (Joe): I know, I know, I just want to understand the situation, because I got, I got, I got another attack in me.
Kostadis Roussos: So the only person who's still left for you to attack right now is the two people who you, like, your land seems, like, very committed to killing Avara, right?
Thorin (Joe): Okay.
Ben Pfaff: And what about…
Kostadis Roussos: Vandary is very much, you know, enemy of my enemy situation, and plus she believes that Daz is a insane… an insane mage who's converted to Lothheism. Lothheism.
Ben Pfaff: Accurate.
Mike Hall: Who believes that?
Kostadis Roussos: Asha, you mentioned.
Mike Hall: I used to convince you. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: She's convinced that, you know, she's convinced that you think you're convinced that you're, you know, somehow connected to Loft.
Kostadis Roussos: Wolf.
Mike Hall: Wolf.
Kostadis Roussos: So, what's important? The fact that she thinks it, or that it's real? That she thinks it.
Thorin (Joe): Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so Gregam, you want to be not there.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah… Wait, wait, it's Mike.
Thorin (Joe): turn.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep. Sorry, Thorin, Thorin, sorry.
Thorin (Joe): Yeah, so I wanna be not here.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I mean, you can be anywhere you want, I'm sorry, I was talking to Gregor, my bad.
Ben Pfaff: He meant, don't be in the purple.
Thorin (Joe): Yeah, so I'm just wondering, like, like, okay, so I can let… I can let them fight it out.
Thorin (Joe): Asha… Okay, can I render any assistance to Zalthyr? Is there anything I can do for him?
Gabe: Yeah, how do I not be frightened?
Kostadis Roussos: You wait a turn… you wait till the end of your turn, or lesser rest?
Thorin (Joe): Just had him on his back or something and say, there, there, it'll be.
Gabe: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Lesser restoration, unfortunately, you already used that one today.
Thorin (Joe): I did, I did, unfortunately. Okay, so I just… I don't know how many, like… I don't know which blocks count as difficult terrain, I'm gonna say 2.
Kostadis Roussos: All the ones that are blue, the ones that have little… the blue peppers.
Thorin (Joe): But it's the…
Kostadis Roussos: 50%, like, just…
Thorin (Joe): Okay, 50%. So, okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: If it's 50%, and I trust.
Thorin (Joe): Mr. John.
Kostadis Roussos: judgment.
Thorin (Joe): 2, 3, 4, 5…
Kostadis Roussos: With Gabe, I'm pulling out a protractor.
Gabe: Okay.
Thorin (Joe): Okay, so this ends up being… give me a second here, 5…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm feeding the image into ChatGPT, and I'm telling you, I want you to tell me whether…
Thorin (Joe): Alright, I'm gonna move a little bit further away here, because I think I have the permission to do that. Okay. And I guess, like…
Thorin (Joe): at this point, I don't attack again, because I don't want to, like… I wanna, let's see what happens between those two, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Thorin (Joe): Okay.
Ben Pfaff: So now that the fungus is, gone, I'm gonna drop concentration, so that spell disappears.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I spent so much time creating this icon.
Ben Pfaff: I know, it was beautiful.
Gabe: It was pretty.
Kostadis Roussos: Just for the record, I did spend…
Ben Pfaff: Okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, it took more time trying to convert it into a cutting… anyway.
Ben Pfaff: I liked it very much, Gustatus.
Kostadis Roussos: Thank you, I appreciate it.
Ben Pfaff: So, I am going to… So, Yorlan is probably proceeding toward Ilvara?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Ben Pfaff: All right, then, I'm… I'm going to go in the direction… in… in the direction of where Yorlin is. Let me see, I can move…
Ben Pfaff: 30 feet, so… Can I make it past the yellow…
Ben Pfaff: The yellow circle is something else bad, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you become invisible if you… you can dash to here, for example.
Ben Pfaff: Okay. And in the other direction…
Kostadis Roussos: And then you can run over here.
Ben Pfaff: Okay, I'll go over toward Asha, then.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: And, then.
Kostadis Roussos: Wobblegool is gonna just roll… roll down.
Ben Pfaff: Okay. Ilvara seems like she's still trouble, so, I'm going to cast a guiding bolt in that direction.
Ben Pfaff: Let's see, that's a ranged spell attack… 13?
Kostadis Roussos: What's your… that's… that's what you roll to hit? That is Amos.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah. Oh, well, that's a shame. I don't think I have anything else that I can do, this… this turn.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, you know what? In fact, I forgot this. I have a bonus action that I can dash on, so I'm in fact going to go my original direction.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You can actually go further if you want.
Ben Pfaff: What… what is all the gunker on your own?
Kostadis Roussos: It's just a mushroom. It's supposed to be an elevated mushroom pod.
Ben Pfaff: Is it dangerous?
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Ben Pfaff: No? Okay, well, I'll… I'll go that way, then. I don't want to dash past Shoreline.
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Your line, this is between you and you're doing your Bahamut, you know, like, this is… you guys obviously have got some couples issues, and I don't want to be in… I don't want to be between them.
Ben Pfaff: I don't want to get in the middle of it, but I'll follow up if necessary.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And just when things… just when you thought everything was under control.
Ben Pfaff: And that, that special bonus action actually gives me 3 temporary hit points as well.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I have to figure this out now.
Kostadis Roussos: Where are they?
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, give me a second, guys.
Ben Pfaff: Are there 3 more unnamed creatures?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, there will be. Give me a second.
Ben Pfaff: More fungus among us?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no. No, it's different this time.
Ben Pfaff: Oh.
Gabe: 5 Dark Elves, it looks like? 5 Drow?
Gabe: That's awesome.
Ben Pfaff: This is, turning into the 12 days of Christmas.
Kostadis Roussos: I hope more pleasantly!
Ben Pfaff: Dark Elves!
Kostadis Roussos: I hope more pleasant.
Gabe: Wait, more pleasant than Christmas? Like…
Ben Pfaff: You're not a fan of that song?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so let me just see… alright.
Gabe: Seriously, Joe?
Thorin (Joe): I have a Diet Coke drawer.
Ben Pfaff: That's amazing.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, dude, can I just say something? Your family's right.
Mike Hall: I mean, come on.
Gabe: A fucking…
Thorin (Joe): Diet Coke drawer?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, I hate to say this, but your family is right.
Thorin (Joe): Water also. I'm gonna do water instead, just because you guys are giving me a hard time.
Mike Hall: This is… this is what, like, this… that is the definition of peak architectural house design. Yes. The enviro… like, the environment is perfect for Joe.
Thorin (Joe): I'm loving my new office, I gotta be honest. It's actually, like, having a real office is amazing.
Thorin (Joe): The designers, like, made it look way better than I ever would have myself. It's been amazing.
Mike Hall: And you have an unlimited supply of Diet Coke.
Thorin (Joe): Well, I mean…
Mike Hall: see water.
Gabe: How many were in there? It was, like, at least a few dozen? Like…
Thorin (Joe): I mean, I just got a flat from Costco and filled it up. What do you want me to say?
Mike Hall: Sure, you can…
Ben Pfaff: Buy them in quantities of a dozen or more, Gabe.
Gabe: Okay, yeah, granted, but, like, is that a day supply? Or, like, how long are we planning for here?
Thorin (Joe): No, I mean, this'll see me through the apocalypse.
Thorin (Joe): Now, you have her… well, and I can also set the temperature that I want it to be at, and I… I don't like my Diet Coke that cold, so, you know, I just want to…
Mike Hall: Really? Like…
Thorin (Joe): Cool, but not cold, yeah.
Mike Hall: I'm a very… I… my… like, I want my… I want my frosty beverages to be, like, 33.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Mike Hall: Like, if they're too far back.
Mike Hall: Against the wall, they get a little…
Thorin (Joe): You like him slushy?
Mike Hall: I don't really want them slushy, but I want them right before they turn.
Thorin (Joe): Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Thorin (Joe): Sorry, I don't mean to distract, I just, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, that was good that… it was good that you distracted, because I needed that distraction.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Mike Hall: This is great.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Ben Pfaff: That's why.
Mike Hall: Is the new job paying in Diet Coke?
Thorin (Joe): No, I can afford my own Diet Coke, thank you very much. Have you heard people refer to Diet Cokes as fridge cigs?
Mike Hall: No, I'm not referred to as Fridge 6.
Thorin (Joe): It's amazing.
Ben Pfaff: What?
Ben Pfaff: What does it mean?
Thorin (Joe): Well, it's a cigarette in the refrigerator.
Gabe: Oh…
Thorin (Joe): They're addictive, but they're refrigerated, fridge-based things. Okay.
Mike Hall: And you take… and you get up, and you… and there's a whole routine, you pull it out, some people pour it in a cup, and then…
Thorin (Joe): Well, yeah, I mean…
Mike Hall: Like…
Mike Hall: It's like how in Japan, if you don't smoke, you get more days off, because they're making up for the fact that all the smokers get out of the room, or get out of those rooms. Do they do that.
Thorin (Joe): I hadn't heard that, that's amazing.
Mike Hall: I believe that to be true, yes.
Ben Pfaff: Most of the people got…
Mike Hall: and they also… or maybe it's that the smokers don't get as many days off, I don't remember which way they go.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Daz, I just wanna… so I have to explain what happens next.
Mike Hall: -Oh, and you're saying DAS, so something happened.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well, okay, so what happens is, you know, I'm just gonna move this over here just for the time being. Alright, so what happens is that…
Kostadis Roussos: 3 Drow Warriors.
Mike Hall: -Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: sort of… Fire crossbow bolts at you.
Mike Hall: At me?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: They look… they look a little…
Mike Hall: too smug, and too sure of themselves, I'm sure they're not a good shot, and they missed.
Thorin (Joe): Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, I see… I see 4 drow-like icons, and then…
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, I'm going to explain how this goes, just give me a second. There's a whole.
Thorin (Joe): I'm just wondering which ones are the draw warriors, the ones on the bottom?
Kostadis Roussos: The, yes, they're drow warriors, alright. So they fire with their hand crossbow.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, no, the first one… fires with his hand crossbow. What's your armor class?
Mike Hall: My armor cost is 11, but do I have any.
Kostadis Roussos: You are hit. You take a hit.
Mike Hall: Hold on.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Mike Hall: Okay, so when the first one hits.
Mike Hall: I immediately cast Shield, because it's a reaction.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, so the fir- okay, so since you cast Shield, Alright?
Kostadis Roussos: The next two have to…
Mike Hall: Have… they have to beat my armor class.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, then you've got a plus 2, because you're currently in the… the,
Kostadis Roussos: the thing. Alright, and so…
Mike Hall: So what kind of… how much damage did I take with that first hit?
Kostadis Roussos: You took 5, 5 points of damage.
Mike Hall: 5 points of damage, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The second is also a hit, and the third, they rolled really well. Alright.
Mike Hall: Damn, motherfuckers.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know.
Mike Hall: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on.
Ben Pfaff: If people are in need of healing, we can do that this, this next round.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, what happens is that this guy emerges… apparently, he was hiding in the whole area, Really?
Mike Hall: This guy, this guy here?
Kostadis Roussos: No, this guy over here.
Mike Hall: Where are you?
Kostadis Roussos: He's like…
Gabe: Sorry, which one?
Ben Pfaff: I'm excited.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, can you see him now?
Mike Hall: This guy here?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, the one with the green dot.
Mike Hall: Alright, there's two with a green dot, one with a sword like this, and one.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Ben Pfaff: How long have they been hiding there? They might have gotten hit by the plague of insects.
Kostadis Roussos: They were hiding in the area, they've come out now, they're going to get hit by the poison. They're very irritated that they're about to get hit by the poison.
Kostadis Roussos: They were kind of really hoping to not have to deal with this.
Kostadis Roussos: Which, now, just when you think everything couldn't get any crazier.
Ben Pfaff: It's tough being a minion.
Mike Hall: Are they gonna attack me, too?
Kostadis Roussos: I didn't say that.
Gabe: Sorry, real quick, wasn't my darkness down there?
Kostadis Roussos: It was behind them, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it was true. Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I have to… okay, hold on. Alright. Let me start all over again. Alright.
Ben Pfaff: Such sparkly.
Mike Hall: So, do I get back my 15 hip?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, everybody gets back their hit points. Thank you for… thank you for making… thank you for confusing thing, Gabe.
Mike Hall: And… and I get my spell slot back for my shield.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: Oh, wait, Shield's a… yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you can get your spell swapped back. Alright.
Mike Hall: Okay, I got my spell slot back. Cool.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: I don't… I don't understand, what did the darkness do for us?
Mike Hall: It's just been really, really dark second.
Kostadis Roussos: I know, it makes every… it makes, since… since it casts darkness behind them.
Kostadis Roussos: The problem is the minions can't go into the poison without getting killed.
Ben Pfaff: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So the minions are kind of like, we're not going… we're all about the… we're all about the glory of the drow, but we're not that about the glory of the drow.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Ben Pfaff: They're… not that stupid.
Kostadis Roussos: No, they're not that stupid. Alright, so, alright. They will fire with a disadvantage, and I'll re-roll all the attacks, alright?
Kostadis Roussos: 2d20, keep low 1.
Gabe: Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the first attack is a hit, and the second… no, is a miss, because you're also partially obscured.
Kostadis Roussos: So that's a fourth… Your… no, yes, it's a miss. Sorry, the second attack is a miss, and now the third attack is a miss. You do not have to burn any of your contingencies.
Mike Hall: Sweet.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Mike Hall: Shoot.
Kostadis Roussos: this guy… Which has been hiding off here in the corner.
Kostadis Roussos: Comes up here, and does the, come with me if you want to live, you idiot.
Gabe: But, sorry, he is both blinded and being attacked by insects, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, no, he's… yes, he's… but he's, he's… he's what… he's drow, he…
Mike Hall: No, because they're… they're probably, like, fighters, on the side of the people that they think I've manifested as, or that I'm a fighter for, so they're trying to… they're trying to help me.
Kostadis Roussos: So he's basically… he looks at you and is if you've come with me if you want to live. If you don't want to live, I'll still take you, but could you… it would be much easier if you'd just come.
Mike Hall: Where does he appear to be taking me?
Kostadis Roussos: Out of… he's not taking you towards everybody, he's take… he wants to take you to the northeast.
Mike Hall: Northwestern. Everybody, everybody else in the party is okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, to the best.
Mike Hall: No other threat other than the stuff that's building behind this darkness.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: I'll go with him.
Kostadis Roussos: We're gonna go with him. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: He pulls you over there, he tests the take, he has to roll to see how much damage he takes.
Kostadis Roussos: He made a second throw, so he takes 13 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: be… drow mage… That was over here, cast a lightning bolt, blindly hoping to hit something.
Kostadis Roussos: So, let's see, lightning bolt…
Kostadis Roussos: And manages to miss him.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, manages to miss everybody and their mother.
Mike Hall: As it should be.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: The Drow Fighter… Is pissed off, because he's like.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes… he shouts to his compatriot and says, I thought you said this was going to be an easy kill.
Thorin (Joe): Which ones are the drone fighters? Are those the…
Kostadis Roussos: No, this is the draft… here, I'll just… I'll give you… I'll make sure that you… I'll make it so that I know.
Thorin (Joe): I'm confused on who's who, to be honest.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, no, I mean, it's supposed to be confusing.
Kostadis Roussos: He's a drow elite warrior.
Thorin (Joe): Is that, like, their special forces?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Thorin (Joe): Do they take… what is it?
Thorin (Joe): Radical ownership, or something like that?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so the Drow Elite Warrior…
Kostadis Roussos: turns to the drow mage and says.
Kostadis Roussos: And you don't have a Dispel Magic. He goes, no, I don't have a Dispel…
Kostadis Roussos: So I have to go through this. I don't know what else to tell you.
Kostadis Roussos: And then you hear him say that the matron mother of House Tarkin will be… will hear about this drop…
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just, is that there.
Kostadis Roussos: Don't worry if you don't remember this name or can pronounce it, we'll fix it later. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So he's like… He looks around, he takes a deep breath.
Kostadis Roussos: Where does he do?
Kostadis Roussos: It's appearing… Is it, the difficult terrain while you're in the poison?
Gabe: I believe… no, lightly obscured.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Gabe: Yes, it is difficult terrain as well, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: This is the insect plague.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: What do you think?
Kostadis Roussos: They're trying to debate, should we go into the insect plague? Should we go out of the insect plague?
Kostadis Roussos: They're like, let's, then they're like, what if she casts Fireball? There's, like, this whole debate, or do we sit here and wait in the tunnel or charge in?
Kostadis Roussos: they say, you know what, let's, let's see what happens. They're, they're kind of…
Kostadis Roussos: And so they blindly shoot… he blindly shoots a bow, his,
Kostadis Roussos: Hand crossbow into the vague general direction of, of,
Kostadis Roussos: And a minus 4 to hit, and he misses completely. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty. Okay, and so…
Kostadis Roussos: Asha… Is confused. She's going.
Kostadis Roussos: When she sees the, the drow that just rescued you, she goes, Who are you? You must be traitors! Traitors to love!
Kostadis Roussos: Which is…
Mike Hall: She's the drow that rescued me, she's upset?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: But who is upset? The one that I convinced, or the other one?
Kostadis Roussos: Asha, Asha.
Mike Hall: chasing us.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so Asha… Asha's… so Asha… hold on, actually, no. Asha… so you have an opportunity to convince her that all is copacetic.
Mike Hall: Oop.
Mike Hall: Alright, I'm confused.
Kostadis Roussos: Masha.
Mike Hall: Josh is the one that I convinced that I was the thing. Okay, so, yes. And so now she thinks these guys are attacking me, or…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Mike Hall: I'll just tell her, like, no, these are friends of Lolf, and they're here to help.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll your persuasion with advantage.
Mike Hall: Persuasion with advantage.
Mike Hall: Persuasion…
Kostadis Roussos: And I rolled a 10, so you successfully pulled it off.
Gabe: Wow.
Mike Hall: Barely. I also rolled a 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Daz, it's your turn.
Mike Hall: Okay, so we have some nasties in the darkness that are eventually going to try to find their way out of there.
Mike Hall: I know that because they've shot lightning and other various things outside.
Kostadis Roussos: You both… you've just seen the light… everybody's seen the lightning bolt, so everybody knows that whatever is behind there.
Mike Hall: I think I… we might stand a chance of discouraging them from coming in if we make it hurt a little bit.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Mike Hall: So, I'm gonna cast… Fireball at the fourth level.
Mike Hall: To encompass everything in the darkness.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you're gonna cast Fireball from here. Do you have a line of sight? Yes, I guess you do. Okay, yes, you could cast it over here.
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Mike Hall: And…
Thorin (Joe): Do we know if those two other dudes down there are friendly or not, or we don't know, or who knows?
Kostadis Roussos: The fir- the ones over here?
Thorin (Joe): I, I don't know what you're pointing to.
Kostadis Roussos: The ones with the green dots.
Mike Hall: We're talking about the ones in… Well, I'm conf.
Thorin (Joe): Because there's the dudes with the green dots, and then there's 5 dudes at the bottom.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, they are… they are bad people.
Thorin (Joe): Okay, so the ones at the bottom are bad people, the ones with the green dots, we're not quite sure what's happening, but they rescued Dez.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: Alright, so 4th level fireball for all the dudes in the darkness. They'll get to see for just a short period of time, while they're…
Mike Hall: While they're getting flamed up.
Mike Hall: They're…
Kostadis Roussos: Theirs is but a… theirs is but a tragic… so I think I just gave them names, so you should see names. No, did not give them names.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Mike Hall: They are… Warrior of the House of Tosarkan and the Drow Mage. And then 3 ugly-looking dudes.
Kostadis Roussos: Three drow… 3 Drow Guards, MOOCs, alright, blast them away.
Mike Hall: Alright, so 37 points of damage.
Mike Hall: It was a good roll.
Kostadis Roussos: That was a good role.
Mike Hall: So, all of them…
Kostadis Roussos: I don't have to… I do not have to roll for the draft fighters, they're dead.
Kostadis Roussos: That is a blown saving throw by the mage, and I have to check what the warriors…
Mike Hall: It's a DC15 dexterity safe.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know, but the Drow Warrior has plus 4 on dexterity.
Ben Pfaff: Boy, that's good dexterity.
Mike Hall: So he only takes half damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he only takes half damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Ben Pfaff: Does, does…
Kostadis Roussos: take.
Ben Pfaff: Does it still work the same way, if they can't see what's coming?
Kostadis Roussos: yes, the blindness condition does not affect… I mean, unless the blindness condition affects, saving throws.
Mike Hall: I don't know, does it say anything in the…
Kostadis Roussos: Unless it says it, the answer… no. Then the answer's no.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Zaltier.
Mike Hall: And if there's any flammable things in the area that are not being worn or carried, they will start burning.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. By the way… Actually.
Gabe: I assume you crafted that or whatever to not hit Glavable?
Mike Hall: Oh, yeah, yeah, no, it was.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I'm assuming as such.
Mike Hall: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Gabe: Just a second.
Mike Hall: Always. Not everybody globally.
Kostadis Roussos: Zaltier, you're up.
Gabe: Okay, well, I… think I'm frightened, yes?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so what that means is you can't advance towards Elvara.
Gabe: Advance.
Kostadis Roussos: You can't get any closer to her, how about I put it that way?
Gabe: No, teleports are not allowed either.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Gabe: Nothing toward… okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: There's other flavors…
Thorin (Joe): Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Kostadis Roussos: where you have to move away. This one is you can't get closer, and you have disadvantage when attacking with ranged attacks.
Gabe: So…
Thorin (Joe): Could you, if you had the power, pull her closer to you?
Kostadis Roussos: No, the rule… that's the rule. The purpose of the…
Kostadis Roussos: The purpose of the condition is to prevent melee attackers from approaching the target.
Thorin (Joe): I'm just like, you know, this is… I'm thinking like Gabe.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, Gabe would do something like, so, strictly speaking, if the universe itself folds, and the space.
Gabe: I mean, that is the way it was going, but the spirit seems to be that I should do nothing to become closer to her, or have her closer to me. I am supposed to be trying to not be near her.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: Right? Alright, fine.
Kostadis Roussos: So you can use ranged attacks, but yeah, so it is one of the more… it is…
Gabe: I'm a monk.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, how do you slap?
Gabe: Okay.
Gabe: Well, fine. Then I guess I can't do too much to her at the moment.
Gabe: Well… hmm…
Gabe: Okay, so Mike's saviors… we like, we don't want to kill them?
Mike Hall: I mean, they pulled me down, and I'm not sure…
Kostadis Roussos: He was about to get hit by a lightning bolt.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Gabe: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And the guy did go into poisonous gas to save him.
Mike Hall: Okay, so we probably should let them live.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean… He is drows, so you never know, but…
Gabe: Yeah.
Gabe: Okay, well then…
Gabe: Fine, I guess… part, right?
Gabe: The insect plague thing is a sphere? Is that right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it's fair, yep.
Gabe: How much geometry do you feel like doing? Like…
Ben Pfaff: Well, if we have to start computing sines and cosines by hand.
Gabe: Right, maybe we can have Joe's AI.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a sphere, it's a 20-foot radius, so the short answer is we should cast it on the top, so…
Kostadis Roussos: It covers the whole passageway.
Gabe: The whole passageway. Okay, so it reaches the ceiling and the floor.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, because it's 40 feet, so 20 feet radius, 20 feet, 20 feet, covers the whole area.
Gabe: Okay, got it.
Kostadis Roussos: That's why they… that's why the other guys have been stared and couldn't figure out how to get through it.
Gabe: Well, they also can't fly, presumably, but okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yeah, but they couldn't go underneath, remember?
Gabe: Okay. Then, since I've got nothing better to do, I guess I will… Teleport down here…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gabe: Hmm…
Gabe: This raises interesting questions. Okay, well, let's do this in a few different steps. So, part one, I will…
Gabe: of the Warrior… between the Warrior and the drow, which look more, concerning? Like…
Kostadis Roussos: the Warrior… I mean, the mage is… the mage could… the mage is a glass canyon, and the warrior can do… hurt you. I mean, pick your poison.
Gabe: Fine, I'll attack the Warrior.
Kostadis Roussos: But you know that the most likely person to be close to death is the mage, because he just did blast him with a fireball.
Gabe: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Mage has 8 hit points, the Warrior has 53.
Thorin (Joe): Yeah, take out the mage, because then he's off the board.
Gabe: Okay, sounds good.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Gabe: I shall punch the mage.
Gabe: Okay, that worked well, I think it's dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Would you… you hit him?
Gabe: I hit him for… 14 plus…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, yeah, he's dead, he's dead.
Gabe: Is that…
Kostadis Roussos: We barely knew you, man.
Gabe: Okay, then I will punch the warrior.
Gabe: Come on.
Gabe: That might be a mess.
Kostadis Roussos: That is a miss, actually, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, Armor Class 18.
Gabe: Okay, and I think I've burned my bonus action teleporting, so I guess that's the end of my turn.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, the big heart is… does nothing. Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: Jorlin… alright. Let's see what… All of our O's.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, I need to go back to her, Legendary actions.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: She, creates a zone of…
Kostadis Roussos: She creates a fungal bloom to slow down your land.
Gabe: Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: Very nice.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's not that big, sorry. That's… that was for a much bigger map.
Kostadis Roussos: There we go.
Kostadis Roussos: She creates a fungal bloom, so your land… Can't reach her.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gabe: Can you describe what that does?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it just… difficult terrain through that area.
Ben Pfaff: And he's just too slow to make it?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty. What does Elvaro do? Alright. Elvaro smutters something about, you know, Zuktemi and Zugatami and the, you know, the bride, she will come and cause all sorts of chaos and mayhem.
Kostadis Roussos: And then…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, the first thing she does…
Kostadis Roussos: She drops her concentration on the… Power on the…
Kostadis Roussos: So she drops that, so now that's been… Opened up.
Gabe: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Ben… She looks at herself.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: No. No, no, no, don't do this.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: She, will attempt to cast…
Kostadis Roussos: Banishment on Thorin and Zolt… wait, hold on, what is the range of banishment?
Ben Pfaff: hope.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, it's gone.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, it's nice.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, banishment doesn't have enough range, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And what's Flamestrike?
Kostadis Roussos: You guys created such an incredibly complicated, like, scenario that I'm like, okay, I had this all planned out, now I have to, like, do it on the fly.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gabe: Or fun that way.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Thorin (Joe): All I know is this map sucks, because I feel like I'm running around trying to get to things in, like…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, man.
Thorin (Joe): No, I mean, it's just what it is.
Ben Pfaff: I mean, it's well done.
Mike Hall: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright…
Kostadis Roussos: She will… Cast Flamestrike on the two of you.
Kostadis Roussos: On DAS and on NIM.
Mike Hall: Who's casting on me what?
Kostadis Roussos: Elvara.
Mike Hall: Elvara is the one that originally had us entrapped.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Ben Pfaff: She's the big bad.
Mike Hall: Fuck that lady. Let's kill her.
Kostadis Roussos: She is most definitely the big bad.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, yeah, so that's well within range, so that is, how much damage is it?
Mike Hall: What is she… What is she casting?
Kostadis Roussos: Flamestrike.
Mike Hall: I'm trying to figure… see if Shield…
Kostadis Roussos: No, it will not help.
Gabe: No.
Thorin (Joe): So…
Kostadis Roussos: So you have to make a saving throw, Mike.
Gabe: Dexterity.
Kostadis Roussos: Dexterity.
Mike Hall: Alright. Why does Shield not help?
Kostadis Roussos: Because it's not a melee attack, it's an area of effect.
Mike Hall: I don't think it says melee attack, it says it's an imperceptible…
Mike Hall: And when you are hit by an attack, roll, or targeted by a magic missile.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but that's not…
Gabe: State AC, right? Booster AC, which doesn't help you here.
Mike Hall: Oh, this is a… this is like Magic Missile, like, AC doesn't matter.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, it's a flamestrike, it's like a fireball, it's the clerical equivalent.
Mike Hall: Oh…
Kostadis Roussos: You know, like, if you've read any Christian theology, you know, the gods smote them down with a strike of food.
Mike Hall: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Hall: 20… how does that 20 dexterity save?
Kostadis Roussos: Well then, that is very good, because you only take 13 points of damage.
Mike Hall: Alright, just make.
Kostadis Roussos: And he takes 13 as well, so, you know, proving that Flamestrike is, in fact, the lame alternative to the Clerics have.
Kostadis Roussos: It is, in fact, the lame alternative. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: And…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay. So, I suppose, she once again howls her desire for vengeance, Thor in Europe.
Thorin (Joe): Alright, help me understand the terrain here, because we have these, like, I'm currently down…
Kostadis Roussos: You can go here, so… so you can, you can get to her.
Kostadis Roussos: Can get to about here.
Thorin (Joe): I can get to about there, okay.
Thorin (Joe): How do I get back up onto the walkways? Is it…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm assuming you can get back up to the walkways.
Thorin (Joe): Okay, so I could get there, and then I'd be between Jorlin and her, and it's like, why bother to some degree, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Or you could get up over here.
Thorin (Joe): Okay, so what is our ultimate goal? We want to kill the baddie in the back, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you wanna… yeah, so you wanna kill Elvara, but you do recall that getting too close to the icon could be bad for you.
Thorin (Joe): What does that mean?
Gabe: We don't know. It's some sort of…
Kostadis Roussos: It's something… it's something that Zugadami's using to commune, and since you had a deep personal encounter…
Thorin (Joe): So I don't want to be, like, I don't, you know, I'm already sort of susceptible, like.
Thorin (Joe): I've had chicken pox, I'm gonna get shingles, type of thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Thorin (Joe): Alright, but I think, I think the best I can do is…
Thorin (Joe): Was it… so if I do this, will it tell me… okay.
Thorin (Joe): I'm gonna move here…
Thorin (Joe): So that way…
Kostadis Roussos: You can hit her with your crossbow, by the way, at this distance.
Thorin (Joe): Okay. Well, yeah, let's go ahead and do that, because I think…
Thorin (Joe): She's more powerful than the other dude.
Gabe: Maybe just a dumb question before you do that. She's standing on that bridge thing, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Gabe: Can… can Thorin do something to break the bridge, cause her to fall down?
Thorin (Joe): And that would injure both her and Jorlin.
Gabe: Presumably, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you could climb… I mean, so one thing you could do is you could, from over here, try to break the bridge on the ground.
Thorin (Joe): Yeah, if I were on the ground there.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Thorin (Joe): Yeah, okay, I'm gonna attack the bridge, that's a good idea. Thanks, Gabe.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's good.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll to hit, tell me how much damage you do, AC10.
Thorin (Joe): So I'm doing 13 of radiant damage.
Thorin (Joe): Is the bridge undead?
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so how much damage did you do?
Thorin (Joe): 13.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that one attack, or you can do a second attack?
Thorin (Joe): Oh yeah, I can do a second attack, let's see.
Kostadis Roussos: I think you have 3 attacks, or 2 attacks right now.
Thorin (Joe): attacks right now, yeah.
Thorin (Joe): And then 12.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you managed to break the bridge.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, this terrain has effectively become so deformed at this point in time.
Thorin (Joe): Nobody knows what the hell's going on.
Thorin (Joe): What are the… what are the yellow circles again? I forget.
Kostadis Roussos: That's the area where if you go into it, you're blind.
Thorin (Joe): Oh, yeah, so whatevs. But how is that different from the darkness?
Kostadis Roussos: The darkness is controlled by… by Ze… tar… by…
Thorin (Joe): Okay, so it's the same effect, but just different, different people controlling it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Alright, so Thorin… Thorin, you caused the bridge to drop. Okay, so they, I guess, make a… try to make a saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: A reaction 12… I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: 15, okay, so what's his… let's just see what his,
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just delete this now. So, change layer.
Kostadis Roussos: What's his dexterity? Alright, so he makes his dexterity save, so he's able to fall down without getting hurt.
Kostadis Roussos: She tries to jump away, and she manages to jump away. So they both… it was a good try, but they were able to avoid the worst of it.
Kostadis Roussos: Your line is down on the ground, and he is looking at you very pissed off.
Gabe: Isn't he blind?
Thorin (Joe): He doesn't know it was me.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm like.
Thorin (Joe): I don't know who did that.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, he's very pissed off. I didn't say he was very pissed off at…
Thorin (Joe): You said, I thought you said he was looking at me, but regardless.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I'm sorry, I looked at the wrong… okay, so then, this…
Kostadis Roussos: This mage, decides, so we can get rid of this, okay?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, this mage, looks at, Daz and says, hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps, your benefactor has a… has a good idea, you know, kind of gives you that look, that holier, that drower more than thou look?
Mike Hall: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And then, comes over here…
Kostadis Roussos: And, says, can you please keep your head down and out of combat?
Kostadis Roussos: We only get paid if you live.
Mike Hall: I am not gonna leave.
Mike Hall: Everyone here…
Mike Hall: to fight for me without me also participating. I don't give a damn if you get paid. The best way for you to get paid, then, is to continue the fight and prevent all of us from dying.
Kostadis Roussos: She looks at you, she looks at her partner and goes.
Kostadis Roussos: Turns to her partner and says, can I kill your brother?
Kostadis Roussos: Nim goes, he was always the dumber of the… he was always the dumber of the ones, and if I understood correctly, he's covered in fungus? Yes. She says… she says, very well.
Mike Hall: Wait…
Gabe: So, Jorlan is her…
Mike Hall: Brother of somebody there?
Gabe: No, Jarlyn, I think she's referring to.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, she's referring to… so she casts Lightning Bolt on Jorlen.
Mike Hall: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So… She casts a D6 Fireball.
Kostadis Roussos: It's 28 points of damage, D20… Alright.
Mike Hall: Did you cast that, Nim did?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, Jordan, this one here.
Mike Hall: Jawline casted on them.
Gabe: Jorland casted on Jorland.
Kostadis Roussos: I should have given this one a different name, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just change that name right now.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna call her a wizard for the moment.
Gabe: There we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so she casts, she casts, lightning bolt on your LAN.
Mike Hall: Oh, that, your land.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. The boyfriend.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: But he makes a saving throw, so he takes 14 points of damage.
Thorin (Joe): And I'm just sitting here watching trade blows like a tennis match.
Kostadis Roussos: you're kind of, like, going, this is… this is different, usually I'm the one giving the blows, but everybody else here seems to be doing it. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Nim… Comes over here… Notices the darkness…
Kostadis Roussos: Mutters something about the stupidity of people.
Kostadis Roussos: And then starts… and then dashes over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Dragum, you're up.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah,
Ben Pfaff: I'm amused by the Yorlin Ilvara drama, but I think I'm still going to go ahead and attack them.
Ben Pfaff: I'm going to use my, third level… Guiding Bolt spell?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Ben Pfaff: Aiming at toward,
Ben Pfaff: Elvara, again, and if I'm lucky, I'll actually hit her this time. Oh, actually, before I do that, is… does anybody need any serious healing?
Mike Hall: I mean…
Mike Hall: I think we can continue to fight. I've got 18 hit points left of 44. I think I can take one more round of hits.
Gabe: Yeah, same.
Ben Pfaff: Alright, well then, I'll, I'll go ahead with the guiding bolt, then.
Mike Hall: Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: That is a hit.
Ben Pfaff: Excellent.
Ben Pfaff: And that does…
Kostadis Roussos: Whoa!
Ben Pfaff: A lot of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: No, but it does a lot more than that.
Ben Pfaff: Radiant damage, yes.
Thorin (Joe): Was it the radiant damage count double or something?
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just make sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, she is… she is particularly vulnerable to radiant damage, so that actually causes her to die.
Kostadis Roussos: She explodes in a puff of poisonous spores.
Ben Pfaff: Oh.
Gabe: Oh, boy.
Thorin (Joe): Oh, yay.
Ben Pfaff: Not ideal. How big is the cloud?
Ben Pfaff: I'm glad I was standing back.
Gabe: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, make a, 17 constitutions saving throw.
Thorin (Joe): Whom.
Kostadis Roussos: Anybody who's 20 feet… was 20 feet with Sir Thorne and Jorline have to make their saving throws.
Thorin (Joe): Alright, I'm resistant, though.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, you're resistant?
Thorin (Joe): Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So you take half damage if you blow your saving throw.
Thorin (Joe): Okay.
Mike Hall: Wow.
Thorin (Joe): So, 15, does that…
Kostadis Roussos: No, you do not, but you only take, 13 points of damage.
Thorin (Joe): Okay.
Thorin (Joe): What did I have to make?
Kostadis Roussos: You had to make 17.
Thorin (Joe): Okay, so I missed, but because I'm resistant, I got a half for free.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: That was a very… that was a very good, use of the radiant damage there.
Gabe: God.
Thorin (Joe): I forgot to do the double radiant damage when I was doing mine, I think we forgot to account.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, the only two people who were susceptible to it was the fungus, which you used, remember?
Thorin (Joe): Oh, I guess I did use that, yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep. And, Elvara, which is why she was trying to stay away from you.
Thorin (Joe): Right. I guess the bridge didn't count.
Thorin (Joe): It was neither of us.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just trying to stay away from you.
Thorin (Joe): Either undead nor, you know, vulnerable to radiant damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, no, yeah, so, yes, unfortunately, okay, so, the Warrior.
Thorin (Joe): Dorland's gone, too. He.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, and so the Warrior of House, Tsar Tankir says, you know what?
Kostadis Roussos: What does he say? Let me just see.
Thorin (Joe): Now we're like, so how can we help you guys?
Kostadis Roussos: Sauron, that's it, sorry.
Thorin (Joe): joke.
Kostadis Roussos: But, I'm here.
Ben Pfaff: I've got a whole drawer full.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, there.
Kostadis Roussos: Saran.
Thorin (Joe): I mean, it is that I'm in a meeting, I'm like, let me just reach back and.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Tsaran, says, We will meet again.
Kostadis Roussos: Enjoy your victory for the moment, and then disengages to dash off.
Thorin (Joe): Who does?
Gabe: The warrior at the bottom.
Thorin (Joe): Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yes. Asha! Asha goes, the evil! The undead! She starts going.
Kostadis Roussos: start… actually, what she does is she starts praying to Loth, and saying beatitudes to Loth.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: And we will stop here, because it's 7.30.
Thorin (Joe): Well, that was fun.
Mike Hall: That was a lot of fun.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I'm glad. I hope this was a good final battle with the bad guys.
Mike Hall: Yes, of course.
Mike Hall: I'm enjoying it, there's lots of circles, lots of things going on, fireballs, lightning bolts, darkness…
Thorin (Joe): I'm running around just trying to catch up with everybody.
Mike Hall: And occasionally, Joe goes into his Diet Coke door.
Gabe: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: And I have… dude, I'm gonna have to, like…
Kostadis Roussos: take Descript, and I'm gonna have to do Joe telling the world, you know, you…
Kostadis Roussos: Joe, announced, you know, we've gotta send you that video to your wife and kids.
Thorin (Joe): of me telling everybody that I got a job.
Mike Hall: Yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: And then I'll go…
Ben Pfaff: Nobody came in separately, so you got to tell it.
Thorin (Joe): I know, right?
Kostadis Roussos: All had the same reaction.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, folks.
Mike Hall: Well, enjoy it, Joe.
Thorin (Joe): We'll see if I have the same attitude next week.
Mike Hall: Yeah, they're starting in 2 days, right?
Ben Pfaff: It's not a…
Thorin (Joe): Like, working sucks, man.
Gabe: That sucks.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, take care, guys.
Thorin (Joe): I see y'all, alright.
Ben Pfaff: Bye.